feat: add support for `.corepack.env` (#642)
nodejs/corepack: README.md

  project. This means that it will always use the system-wide package manager
  regardless of what is being specified in the project's `packageManager` field.

- `COREPACK_ENV_FILE` can be set to `0` to request Corepack to not attempt to
  load `.corepack.env`; it can be set to a path to specify a different env file.

>   Only keys that starts with `COREPACK_` will be taken into account, not all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Only keys that start with `COREPACK_` will be taken into account, not all
```

Reviewer: I would suggest to remove "not all  keys that start with `COREPACK_` will be taken into account" and just put "(however `COREPACK_ENABLE_DOWNLOAD_PROMPT` and `COREPACK_ENV_FILE` are ignored)."

The sentence is otherwise a little difficult to read.

Reviewer: I understood the meaning to be:

Only keys that start with `COREPACK_` will be taken into account, except `COREPACK_ENABLE_DOWNLOAD_PROMPT` and `COREPACK_ENV_FILE`, which are ignored.

I may have misunderstood though. If that isn't correct, then perhaps you could explain what is missing?

Author: Oh right, I guess it even confused me, proving your point. I wrote it this way because I'm only testing for a few, and I wanted to set expectations that supporting all are not a goal

>   Only keys that start with `COREPACK_` will be taken into account, not all
>   keys that start with `COREPACK_` will be taken into account (
>   `COREPACK_ENABLE_DOWNLOAD_PROMPT` and `COREPACK_ENV_FILE` are ignored).

Author: ```suggestion
  Only keys that start with `COREPACK_` and are not in the exception list
  (`COREPACK_ENABLE_DOWNLOAD_PROMPT` and `COREPACK_ENV_FILE` are ignored)
  will be taken into account.
```

>   `COREPACK_ENABLE_DOWNLOAD_PROMPT` and `COREPACK_ENV_FILE` are ignored).

Reviewer 2: This would be worth a test, especially for `COREPACK_ENABLE_DOWNLOAD_PROMPT` (assuming you omitted it for security reasons?)

Author: Good call (yes, btw I’m happy to add more which we think could be security sensitive)
